E2e/databricks/parkingsensor v1 lilem (#1014)
Azure-Samples/modern-data-warehouse-dataops: e2e_samples/parking_sensors/README.md

Reviewer: Just a small ask in case someone missed to add this pre-requisite by mistake. Can you add to the Known Issues section the issue that happens when you can't delete the service connection and how to work around the delete of the federated credentials (either manually deleting the federated credentials in entra - or to enable the permission and run the script again)? Thanks!

Author: done

- Azure DevOps Variable Groups linked to KeyVault can only be created via the UI, cannot be created programmatically and was not incorporated in the automated deployment of the solution.
  - **Workaround**: Deployment add sensitive configuration as "secrets" in Variable Groups with the downside of duplicated information. If you wish, you may manually link a second Variable Group to KeyVault to pull out the secrets. KeyVault secret names should line up with required variables in the Azure DevOps pipelines. See [here](https://docs.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/devops/pipelines/library/variable-groups?view=azure-devops&tabs=yaml#link-secrets-from-an-azure-key-vault) for more information.

> - Azure DevOps: To delete a Service Connection in the Azure DevOps (AzDo) portal, you must first remove the federated credentials in the Azure portal. If you attempt to delete the Service Connection without doing this, you will encounter the following error: *"Cannot delete this service connection while federated credentials for app xx exist in Entra tenant xx. Please make sure federated credentials have been removed prior to deleting the service connection."*

Reviewer: I asked to add it because I ran into an issue and I was trying to troubleshoot and wanted just to delete the service connection manually (without necessarily cleaning up anything else) and I got stuck - if for some reason the script fails to run for me was useful to know how to delete it manually.

> - Azure DevOps: To delete a Service Connection in the Azure DevOps (AzDo) portal, you must first remove the federated credentials in the Azure portal. If you attempt to delete the Service Connection without doing this, you will encounter the following error: *"Cannot delete this service connection while federated credentials for app xx exist in Entra tenant xx. Please make sure federated credentials have been removed prior to deleting the service connection."*

Reviewer 2: got it, then I would suggest a minor edit to make it more straightforward:
```suggestion
- Azure DevOps Service Connection Removal: If you encounter an error like: *"Cannot delete this service connection while federated credentials for app *<app-id>* exist in Entra tenant *<tenant-id>*. Please make sure federated credentials have been removed prior to deleting the service connection."*This issue occurs when you try to delete a Service Connection in the Azure DevOps (AzDo) portal, but the Service Connection has federated credentials that need to be manually removed from the Azure Portal.
```
